14 year old evanna lynch was cast as a
luna lovegood in the fifth harry potter
film the order of the phoenix well she's
been busy working since then but this
week she gave me her very first TV
interview the lunar open audition saw
more than 15,000 girls queuing for hours
according to the casting team one girl
in particular stood out from the rest
and she was 14 year old havana Lynch
from a small village in ireland how
difficult was it persuading your parents
to let you fly over for the open
auditions well my mom didn't want me to
go she thought I I didn't have a hope
and well then I told my dad and he said
he thought I should go because he knew I
really wanted it and so he brought me
and tell us a bit about what that day
was like and it was mad it was at your
other people and and it was really fun
though cuz everyone was really excited
the weeks are being desperate trying to
see if I can spot her in the footage we
shot for the queue but no luck flying on
rewind oh she's behind you stop talking
and turn around you idiot oh well better
luck next time but one person who Ivana
did meet properly was the creator of
Harry Potter who described the young
actress as perfect for the part just
meeting JK Rowling was like it's amazing
you know you cuz she created all the
world and all the fans we all get so
obsessed with it and then you meet the
one person who made it all up and it's
so amazing katie leung who plays cho
chang had a similar experience for the
last film getting the part after a big
open audition she's giving Ivana lots of
advice I'm just tell her to enjoy it um
you know it's once in a lifetime thing
and you know she's yeah she's just
having such a great time and Yvonne has
been a big hit with the other actors
Ivana's lovely ivana's sort of not a
million miles away from Luna her cell
I have to say she is she is Luna she
literally is Luna I can't tell
difference between her on-camera
off-camera how similar do you think you
are to two lunar and why do people like
her so much and what people like her
because she's like a breath of fresh air
you know cuz in the fifth book it's it
gets so dark and Harry's always cross
and then every time nuna comes in it's
just all the tension goes and she makes
you laugh you know because she's so free
and really honest and I don't know how
much I'm like her there is some
similarities but I'm more determined
than her